Current IG_Reviewed content of Distributed deployment section (V1) (#3684)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/open-distro/distributed-deployment/index.rst

- The Wazuh server, including the Wazuh manager as a single-node cluster or as a multi-node cluster, the Wazuh API, and Filebeat.

- Elastic Stack, including Open Distro for Elasticsearch as a single-node cluster or as a multi-node cluster, Kibana, and the Wazuh Kibana plugin, on the same host as Elasticsearch node or on a separate one.

The communication is encrypted using SSL certificates. These certificates are generated using the Search Guard offline TLS tool.

> Also, to use the Wazuh Kibana plugin correctly, the extra Elasticsearch roles and user sare added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, to use the Wazuh Kibana plugin correctly, the extra Elasticsearch roles and users are added.
```
